Update dev mode (#108)
harvester/docs: docs/dev/dev-mode.md

# Developer Mode Installation

!!! attention
    Developer mode (dev mode) is intended to be used for local testing and development purposes.

## Requirements

- The Kubernetes node must pass the [host-check](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/harvester/master/hack/host-check.sh)
- If the Kubelet's RootDir is not `/var/lib/kubelet`, you must create a `bind mount` to `/var/lib/kubelet` as follows:
   ```bash
   KUBELET_ROOT_DIR="path to your kubelet root dir"
   echo "${KUBELET_ROOT_DIR} /var/lib/kubelet none bind 0 0" >> /etc/fstab
   mkdir -p /var/lib/kubelet && mount -a

> - [**Multus**](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/#multus-a-multi-network-plugin) is installed across your cluster and a corresponding `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` CRD is created.

Reviewer: Do we require Longhorn and KubeVirt to be installed as well? Or it's a part of the chart.

Author: Harvester chart contains Longhorn and KubeVirt

Reviewer: Can we call that out here as well?

Author: Added

## Installation

> Harvester can be installed on a Kubernetes cluster by using the [Helm](https://helm.sh/) CLI.

Reviewer: `For development purpose, Harvester can be installed...`

Author: updated

> Developer mode (dev mode) is intended to be used for testing and development purposes.

Reviewer 2: Please help to add this one as an [attention text](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/#supported-types):
```
!!! attention
    Developer mode (dev mode) is intended to be used for local testing and development purposes.
```

Author: updated

Developer mode (dev mode) is intended to be used for testing and development purposes.

## Requirements

> - The Kubernetes node must pass the [host-check](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/harvester/master/hack/host-check.sh)
> - If the Kubelet's RootDir is not `/var/lib/kubelet`, it must be mounted bind to `/var/lib/kubelet`
>    ```bash
>    KUBELET_ROOT_DIR="replace with your kubelet root dir"
>    echo "${KUBELET_ROOT_DIR} /var/lib/kubelet none bind 0 0" >> /etc/fstab
>    mkdir -p /var/lib/kubelet && mount -a
>    ```
> - The Kubernetes controller-manager args requires `--use-service-account-credentials=true`
> - To display the CPU, memory, and disk usage of the host properly, the [metrics-server](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server) must be installed in the cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The Kubernetes node must pass the [host-check](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/harvester/harvester/master/hack/host-check.sh)
- If the Kubelet's RootDir is not `/var/lib/kubelet`, you must create a `bind mount` to `/var/lib/kubelet` as follow:
   ```bash
   KUBELET_ROOT_DIR="path to your kubelet root dir"
   echo "${KUBELET_ROOT_DIR} /var/lib/kubelet none bind 0 0" >> /etc/fstab
   mkdir -p /var/lib/kubelet && mount -a
   ```
- The Kubernetes controller-manager args requires `--use-service-account-credentials=true`
- To display the CPU, memory, and disk usage of the host properly, the [metrics-server](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server) must be installed in the cluster.
```

Reviewer 3: For the `Kubernetes controller-manager` point, can we add an example or a reference which explains how/where it should be set

Reviewer 4: Small nit, line 19: "as follows:"

Reviewer 3: corrected, thank you

Author: The controller-manager configuration is generally correct unless it has been specifically modified

   ```bash
   helm repo add rancher-latest https://releases.rancher.com/server-charts/latest
   ```

1. Install Rancher chart
   ```bash
   helm install rancher rancher-latest/rancher \
   --namespace cattle-system \
   --set tls=external \
   --set rancherImagePullPolicy=IfNotPresent \
   --set rancherImage=rancher/rancher \
   --set rancherImageTag=v2.6.3-harvester1 \
   --set noDefaultAdmin=false \
   --set features="multi-cluster-management=false\,multi-cluster-management-agent=false" \
   --set useBundledSystemChart=true \
   --set bootstrapPassword=admin
   ```

1. Change the 'status.provider' of the local cluster object to "harvester"
   ```bash
   kubectl edit clusters.management.cattle.io local
   ```

1. Clone the GitHub repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/harvester/harvester.git --depth=1
   ```

1. Go to the Helm chart
   ```bash
   cd harvester/deploy/charts
   ```

1. Create the harvester-system namespace
   ```bash
   kubectl create ns harvester-system
   ```

1. Install the Harvester crd chart
   ```bash
   helm install harvester-crd ./harvester-crd --namespace harvester-system
   ```

1. Install the Harvester chart
   ```bash

>    ## in order to use the service type LoadBalancer and create a vip in control-plane nodes, we need to enable kubevip

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   ## In order to use the service type LoadBalancer and create a vip in control-plane nodes, we need to enable kubevip.
```

Reviewer 4: Just a suggestion to make the comments following the "##" start with capitals and end with punctuation for consistency.

   VIP_IP="replace with your vip ip, such as 192.168.5.10"
   VIP_NIC="replace with your vip interface name, such as eth0"
   helm install harvester ./harvester --namespace harvester-system \
   --set harvester-node-disk-manager.enabled=true \
   --set harvester-network-controller.enabled=true \
   --set harvester-load-balancer.enabled=true \
   --set kube-vip.enabled=true \
   --set kube-vip.config.vip_interface=${VIP_NIC} \
   --set kube-vip.config.vip_address=${VIP_IP} \
   --set service.vip.enabled=true \
   --set service.vip.ip=${VIP_IP}
   ```

   ```bash

>    ## In some kubernetes distributions (such as kubeadm), we need to modify the kube-vip nodeSelector to match the control-plane nodes

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   ## In some Kubernetes distributions (such as kubeadm), we need to modify the kube-vip nodeSelector to match the control-plane nodes.
```

   --set kube-vip.nodeSelector."node-role\.kubernetes\.io/master"=""
   ```

1. Expose Harvester UI
   ```bash

>    ## refer to https://kube-vip.chipzoller.dev/docs/usage/cloud-provider/, Add `cidr-cattle-system: ${VIP_IP}/32` to kubevip configMap

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   ## Refer to https://kube-vip.chipzoller.dev/docs/usage/cloud-provider/. Add `cidr-cattle-system: ${VIP_IP}/32` to kubevip configMap.
```

   kubectl -n kube-system edit cm kubevip

>    ## Change the rancher service type from ClusterIP to LoadBalancer, and then you can access Harvester UI via https://${VIP_IP}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   ## Change the rancher service type from ClusterIP to LoadBalancer, and then you can access Harvester UI via https://${VIP_IP}.
```
